Do you have to look at the docs every time you make a plot in Python?
Using a precise grammar helps you build and describe plots.
There's a whole book about the grammar of graphics itself,
but the theory is basically that you layer…
Data
Aesthetics
Geoms
Facets
Statistics
Coordinates
Themes
You can use a grammar of graphics in Python with the plotnine package.
This grammar allows you to make and describe any plot, no matter what it looks like.
Start by loading in your data.
Add your data to your grammar of graphics plot.
Next, add your aesthetics, like x and y variables.
Then, add geom shapes such as points. These will be applied to your aesthetics.